Refactor cookie header text (#2753)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-rfc6265bis.md

cookie-string = cookie-pair *( ";" SP cookie-pair )
~~~

> Servers MUST be tolerant to potentially receiving multiple cookie

Author: "to" or "of"?

Reviewer: I'd write "of". And I'd probably drop "potentially receiving", since it seems clear from context.

That said, there's nothing wrong with this, just personal preference.

Author: SG

> headers. For example, if an HTTP/2 {{RFC9113}} or HTTP/3 {{RFC9114}} connection
> splits a cookie header to improve compression.

Reviewer: Nit: The following reads slightly better to me.

```suggestion
headers. For example, an HTTP/2 {{RFC9113}} or HTTP/3 {{RFC9114}} connection might
split a cookie header to improve compression.
```

Author: Done

The user agent includes stored cookies in the Cookie HTTP request header field.

A user agent MAY omit the Cookie header field in its entirety.  For example, the
user agent might wish to block sending cookies during "third-party" requests
from setting cookies (see {{third-party-cookies}}).

If the user agent does attach a Cookie header field to an HTTP request, the

> user agent MUST generate a single cookie-string and the user agent MUST compute

Author: ```
user agent MUST generate a single cookie-string and the user agent MUST compute
```
My intention here is that the cookie code within the UA is still only trying to generate a single string (to maximize compatibility), but once that string is generated it may be split by by another layer of the networking stack.

Reviewer 2: I agree with that. Clients MUST produce a single value. Servers MUST tolerate them being split, either by actually addressing that case or by using lower-level components that guarantee they'll be properly recombined before it sees the header value.
